##SovHaxe

SovHaxe is a Haxe based replacement for sov.space/verite.space. A tool that generates a Map based on the current sovereignty 
map in EVE Online: a game by CCP (https://www.eveonline.com/)

The core tenets for this project are to ensure We in the eve online community don't end up in the present situation (2021)
where a tool used to explain the geopolitical status is on life support.

SovHaxe intends to fix this by:
+ Being open source: Allow people to fork, fix, or run their own version. Even though i'm making this, The project is for the health of the community
+ Being easy to deploy and run: Using Haxe we will be able to deploy directly to a large number of formats, One of which is as a fully contained application able to be directly deployed to a website
+ Be Trustworthy: The whole point of being open source is to allow alliances to independantly validate the Program. If they wish to adopt the tool internally they can, but the public offering _must_ be something that everyone can trust.
  + To this extent, All public builds of Sovhaxe on it's main website (Be that sovhaxe.space or if this project gets maintained later on by someone else, the Main public website) _MUST_ only take in API data that is needed for the Application to function. The reasons for taking in scopes should be very obvious and explained to the user. When in doubt `scope:public_data`.
  + This does not mean that Alliance or private run instances Likely will not be bound by this. Obviously if it isn't the main website, then there's not much The project maintainers can do about it.

## Compile:
Install the Haxe 4.0 language (https://haxe.org/), Haxelib (https://lib.haxe.org/) as well as Make.

Run inside of `./src/`
```
make clean build local
```
to Build compile and run a NekoVM development server, accessable from http://localhost:2000 and targeted to the Index.n page.


#ToDo:
- [X]  Create the Apache module using [NekoVm](https://nekovm.org/) and [Mod_neko](https://nekovm.org/doc/mod_neko/) and serve a Page generated by Haxe (JS).

- [ ] Create and serve a Renderer. This will require the ability to rescale it's X,Y(,?Z) grid to account for CCP shinanigans and SDE updating... And to later support animations for User interaction 

- [ ] Create the interperet SDE data and create an accurate map of New Eden with both Solar system data and Jump gates

  - [ ] Potentially support Pochven and maybe even Wormholes... We know both the position and Such. We might be able expose and define Influence for WH entities
- [ ] Display influance on the map, this _must_ support IHUB influence. This is due to changes in Fozzysov making TCU's basically worthless... But since CCP likes to create "chaos" this may change.
 Ensure that we can easily replace Influence interpretation to deal with Hilmar weather. Oh... also Support FW because hopefully CCP will actually remember that exists

- [ ] Allow the User to define their own Coalitions. This is important since eve online politics is like a Volcano. They can be static for years and then overnight explode into a lot of coalition changes.
    - [ ] Make this Sharable. Only way it's useful is if a user can just drop something to their buddy to get these settings.
    - [ ] Use the Eve SSO to allow users to store Settings to a "user" (Because fuck writing our own security, Use one given to us) _this must be scope:public_data only_.
      - [ ] ALSO FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT STORE IP's. To maintain trust, No meta gaming. To make this possible, display the sha256 hash of the compiled apache modules on the page. Independently verifiable.  